I have divided the discussion into ten topics.
The first one is Waiting.
As you know, blockchain brings an interesting paradigm to users.
In normal web applications or mobile applications,
they are used to having feedback within a few seconds.
The game completely changes on the blockchain
where when a user submits a transaction or takes some action,
there is an indeterminate amount of time that passes before they might see a result.
So one of the challenges as a DAP developer is how do you deal with this.
How do you make sure that users can continue to not get
frustrated with your app and get an experience that they can actually enjoy?
So some of the tips that I find useful
are you want to show them progress indicators et cetera,
but those typically in the blockchain world,
in the DAP world, tend to be infinite progress loaders.
So while they give the user a sense of something happening,
they don't really give the user a sense of what to expect and how long the wait will be.
So the way you mitigate that is to use
third-party services and APIs that do provide estimates
for what the transaction time is
for the time period at which the user is performing the action.
So its a good idea to regularly pull
those services and get that estimate so that in the UI,
you can surface that and give the user some idea of what they can expect the time to be.
The other thing you want to make sure is that if the time is going to be very long,
that you have code in place and you have infrastructure in place to
ensure that the user is notified when the processing occurs.
This sets the expectation of the user clearly up front and they won't be frustrated.
So take away is make sure that you communicate to the user
approximately the time that the transaction is going to take and when it's completed,
notify them so that they can resume the process that we're working on.